1.- How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

It's easier to spot the mistakes because it only shows you the lines that are
different between the working file and the one with a bug.

2.- How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

By allowing me to recover certain old aspects of a project, or by
allowing a fast recovery from an old non-project-breaking bug that was
installed a long time ago.

3.- What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
Docs does?

Pros: one commit per logical change
Cons: might forget to commit when necessary and end up with big differences
between versions

4.- Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file
separately?

Because it allows tracking of multiple files that are likely to be related,
as is common in programming in general (web design, modules and libraries, etc.)

5.- How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of
files?

git log: shows all the commits done in the repository, with their ids and
time and message logged into them. If you add the --stat, you also get
which files where modified and how much (insertions and deletions)

git diff: shows the actual differences between to versions, for all files
that differ between the two commits.

6.- How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

You can go ahead and mess with previously working code, knowing that you'll be
able to get it back working if you mess something up, by using git.

7.- Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Everything


Materia:
git log
git log --stat: shows which files where affected in that commit.
git clone
git commit
git diff id1 id2
git config --global color.ui auto
git checkout: resetting all the files to the time the commit was made. It's
useful to see which commit introduced the bug.
