1.- When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping
all your work local?

It offers cloud advantages, allowing you to work on any project from any
computer. It also allows other people to collaborate on the project, and if
pushed to the remote repository, everyone working in the project can update
their local files.

2.- Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Because I want to know what I'm pulling, and wouldn't like to have my files
modified without me actually wanting that to happen.

3.- Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.
When would you use one instead of another?

Branches are a bunch of commits that are made inside of a repository to allow
for testing changes to code or to create new features without altering some
the core code of the project.

Clones are hard copies of a repository (with all the Git metadata included),
which can be made from a repository online (GitHub) or locally.

Forks are clones from repositories which you don't have permission to modify,
and are done exclusively on GitHub.

You branch whenever you need it, clone a remote repository that you have
permission to modify, so that you'll be able to push changes in the future, and
you fork a repository that you want to modify but that you don't have permission
or don't want to alter the original, so that later you can clone it to your
local machine. and pull and push from it and the fork you created.

4.- What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

It allows us to go offline, make changes, and then see how far we've gone from
the last known state. Then we can fetch and see what changes were made by others
while we where offline, without having to alter the code we've been developing
on that time.

5.- How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be
easier, and what would be harder?

Without Git and GitHub, it might be easier to collaborate with other people
that don't actually know how those version control ways work. It takes some time
to learn, so if someone from the team isn't comfortable with it, it can be slow
at the beginning. However, I think that once everyone is on board with it,
it is much easier to collaborate with it than without it.

6.- When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than
directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

When you want to try a new feature, and when you want to make a pull request
later on GitHub. It's beneficial because you don't mess with master. On the
other hand, it does take more work, which is a potential benefit of just working
on master, because once you get it working, it's there.



_____________________

Summary:
git remote: shows all the remotes in the repository. Empty if none.
** remote is usually named origin.

git remote add name url: Add 'adds' this repository on GitHub as a remote,
name is the name which we'll use to refer to the repository from GitHub.
If there's only one, it's standard to call it 'origin'. Url is where I'll
link it. ** remote is usually named origin.

git remote -v: verbose. The output now will show the url to which we push and
fetch data from. ** remote is usually named origin.

git push remote local_branch_to_push: it pushes the commits from the remote
to GitHub. It takes two arguments: the name of the remote I want to send
changes to and the branch I'd like to push. On GitHub, the branch will also
be called "local_branch_to_push"  ** remote is usually named origin.

git pull remote branch_to_pull: allows for local updates from the remote GitHub
repository.  ** remote is usually named origin.

git fetch remote: updates the local copy of the remote master branch (origin/master)
and leaves the local master alone. This is useful in cases where there are
potentially conflicting changes.  ** remote is usually named origin.

git log origin/master: shows the log of the local copy of the GitHub's master
branch.

git diff origin/master master

Forking is a solution to cloning someone else's repository directly on GitHub,
without having to clone their repository to your local machine, then setting
it as a remote for a new GitHub repo and then having others cloning your repo.
It also gives recognition to the original owner of the repo about their work.
Once we've forked, we can pull to our own machine and make changes. Forking
is a clone that GitHub makes for us on their own machines. But GitHub keeps
track of the people that forked a given repository, linking back to the
original, and it's easier to suggests changes back to the original repo.

Once we fork on GitHub, we just clone that repo on our local machines. Those
clones don't really have to know about the original repo anymore.

When you clone a repo from GitHub (such as a forked one), git automatically
creates a remote for you. You can check that using git remote -v, and it's
usually called origin.

In settings on GitHub, you can add collaborators so that they can pull.

Conflicts between local and remote repositories can occur if you work on
GitHub and your local machine, or more commonly, if you have collaboration
between two or more people. In order for conflicts to arise, you'll have to
have changes made by two people, one locally and one remotely.

If you do a local change and commit it, when you ran git status, you'll get a
warning that 'your' branch is ahead of origin/master by 1 commit, and suggest
that you push it. Meanwhile, someone else changed the same file on GitHub, and
now the commit histories are different on your machine and on the remote repo.

This requires the merge of the local and remote branches. It turns out that Git
stores a local copies of the remote branches as of the last time we pulled or
pushed the branch. This branch is called origin/master, and you also have a
master branch, which is where you'll start committing new changes.

So when you commit something new to master, neither the origin/master nor the
master on GitHub will be updated, and we haven't communicated that we wanted
to do that. If we push the new commit, then both the origin/master and the
master at GitHub will get updated with the new commit. Similarly, if the branch
got updated at GitHub and then we pulled, both master and origin/master would
get updated with the new commit.

But now we have different changes on each repositories, one remote and one
local. It turns out you can update just the local copy of the remote branch,
(that is, origin/master), and leaving your actual local version (master) alone.
This is done using git fetch, which is very useful when there are potentially
conflicting changes. If you're going to get offline for a while, you can
update the local copy of the remote branch before you leave, and know how to
access any updates made to the remote since you last sync-ed up, without
having to combine them right away.

Now that we have the commit from GitHub on our origin/master in the local
repository, it's possible to incorporate them into the master branch using
git merge. This is exactly what happens when we do a git pull: first the
remote branch gets fetched, updating the local copy of the remote branch
(origin/master), then that branch gets merged into the local one.

As a sum up, git fetch updates origin/master with the contents of GitHub master
branch, and then origin/master is merged into master.

So:
git pull origin master
is the same as:
git fetch origin
git merge master origin/master

It's interesting to know that after fetching, if there's a conflicting
situation, we'll get a "diverged" warning, meaning that there are different
commits on both the local branch (master) and remote's local copy branch
(origin/master).

Now, to merge them, first make sure you have the master branch checked out,
and then run the git merge master origin/master command. We'll get a conflict,
as expected, but we can open the file and resolve it.

Once resolved in the file, use git add file, and then commit.
As usually, when you commit this change, the text editor will suggest the merge
as the commit message, this time telling us that we merged remote-tracking
branch with origin/master.

Since we know that git pull origin master is the same as doing the two step
version of git fetch origin and git merge master origin/master (while having
master checked out), we could've done that and the same would've happened.

If we run this now, we'll see that master is already up to date.

If git pull is the same as fetching and merging, why haven't we got merging
comments on previous commits? The answer is fast-forward merges: it happens
when we merge to commits when one is the ancestor of the other. That means that
they are reachable by each others. If there's no reason to add new commits, we
just update the label. This is a fast-forward merge: we're taking the label
from the history of a branch, somewhere in it's ancestry, and moving it forward
to the tip of the branch.

A pull request is done when you push a file into a different branch to the
remote repository.

How to get feedback on a project before updating the master branch:
You work on it on a branch locally, and then push the branch to the
fork. It's on a branch and everyone else can see it, and if they find
a problem, you didn't break master.

Next, we'll use a feature of GitHub called pull request, that makes it
easier for other people to see specifically what we changed, and make
comments.

When we're both ready, we'll merge that branch into the master branch.

In actuality, this looks more like a push request, so why is it called
pull request? She's requesting that the owner PULLS her branch into the
master branch. So another good name would be a merge request.

Once pushed into GitHub, then owners of the repository can review the branch
with the changes and make commentaries on them. If everything's ok, and there
are no conflicts, GitHub will allow a pull request to be automatically merged.
Otherwise, we would ask the person that created the pull request to merge the
file on their local computer and upload the merged file to the branch, so we
could see how they resolved the conflicts. Then we know nothing'll go wrong
with master when you finally merge.

So, in practice, when editing a file on our local machine, the only thing
that gets changed is the local working directory. Then we use the git add
for that file, changing the local staging area, and then when we commit we
change the master branch (if that's what's checked.). If we perform a git
pull origin master request, we'll actually edit the master branch, the staging
area and the local working directory. On the other side, if we use a git push
origin master, the only thing that'll be changed is the GitHub master branch.
Same thing with a merge alt pull request, it'll change the GitHub master branch
only if accepted.

What happens when we have conflicting changes in pull requests?

Merging in GitHub doesn't do a fast-forward merge, it creates a new commit,
even if no extra information is given. Now that we've merged in GitHub, we
delete the pull request branch, which is very easy on GitHub, and it's pretty
common to do that. But now if we had two branches that dealt with the same
lines, it won't be possible on GitHub, and we'll have to pull the changes from
GitHub back to the computer. Be careful, because since we're doing this
in collaboration with others, it's mostly accepted that changes must be done
through pull requests. We want to see the changes before we edit master.

So we have to pull the master from GitHub, and then merge the local master
into the local BRANCH, then upload the local BRANCH to the remote BRANCH,
and then pull request THAT (the remote branch that's updated with the local
master) to the remote master on GitHub, so we can look it up before pulling it
back into remote's master.

So the first step is to pull the changes made on GitHub to our local master.
Then we'll change branches to the conflicting, and then git merge master
conflicting-branch. We'll get a conflict as expected, and have to resolve it
in the text editor.
